## 1. [Git and Github](1_get_started/readme.md) Reflection

* What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
* Write an explanation of and compare git and GitHub to a non-technical audience. 
* Describe what version control is and how GitHub helps with it.
* Why do developers use version control (git)? Does that make sense to you? Why or why not?
* What doesn't make sense? What does?

I thankfully didn't run into any issues installing git or GitHub. I actually had GitHub installed on my computer before my admittance into Dev Bootcamp, but never really knew how to use it or what to use it for. From navigating GitHub, I knew it was some kind of a online community for coders to share code and projects but I didn't get how it worked or how all of the components of a project were pieced together. I now understand that those components are essentially git. The Windows installer for git was very simple - just a few button clicks. My understanding of git versus GitHub is that git is the version control software that lives locally on your computer while GitHub is the remote online community for programmers to share code and coding projects using git for version control. Version control is a process or procedure that keeps track or changes made to a file or project. With merging, multiple collaborators can work on the same file or project simultaneously; having their changes to the file tracked through version control. Version control acts as a work flow management system. GitHub provides an online space where your working directories can be stored and shared with other programmers or collaborators essentially providing version control when working on collaborative projects. "It's literally a hub for Git repositories." For developers, it seems essential to use version control as projects undergo constant changes that may or may not be successful in the final product. Version control allows for developers to move foward and backward in versions with ease and efficiency in order to preserve the functions that are working and rid of those that are not. The concept of git and how to utilize it still isn't completely clear to me, but I figure this might be due to the hands-on and interactive nature of my kinesthetic style of learning and concrete random thinking style. I feel I might be better at absorbing the concept of Git and its implementation through active participation or work using git. As far as GitHub, I think I understand its purpose but I have yet to learn about all of its nuances and functionalities.
