# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
<p>Responsive web design is dynamic web design that accounts for the diversity of browsers, browser modification, screen resolution, and screen sizes. I love responsive web design. Not only does responsive web design, allow for content to display in a neat and practical manner; but it also makes web pages interesting in their organic in its live and animate design.</p>
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
<p>Smartphones and tablets have introduced new specifications for web design. With the growing number of users on smartphones and tablets, web designers have been pressured into redesigning web pages specifically designed for the dimensional capacities of either piece of technology. I think that web design will continue to revolve around the end systems that are accessing the web pages. I have read and heard about technologies that essentially turn glass into an operating system; allowing for any object - a refrigerator, a table-top, a glass window panel - to function as a computer would. This would create an extraordinarily complicated challenge for web designers to make web pages suitable for a wide variety of sometimes irregular objects.</p>
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
<p>From what I've read and studied, visually impaired people use the web through a text reading software that evaluates text and maybe html elements. The DOM structure may be an effective way to organize web page material. I think this approach to aiding the visually impaired is rather inefficient and unsympathetic. I'm a bit ignorant of the technologies that are available to the visually impaired. But I think if first, the visually impaired were taught basic DOM and/or HTML structure, and then there was some kind of software that allowed for navigation using the DOM or HTML structure; then navigating web pages would be a more simplified process.</p>
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
<p>I really like the dynamicism of web design: fixed design, fluid design, adaptive design, and responsive design. I appreciate that web designers are seeking to solve the problem of incompatibility. Nothing about this seems stupid to me.</p>
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.
<p>I've struggled with browser compatibilty in the past and I've found resources to help mitigate the problem, but I no longer have the links to those addresses.</p>